Rework readme and contributing guide (#46)
xJREB/service-based-antipatterns: README.md

# Service-Based Antipatterns

This repository should serve as a knowledge base for Service-Based Antipatterns and has been created due to a study project at the University of Stuttgart.

The basis of the antipatterns has been collected by applying a Systematic Literature Review (SLR) which has been documented [here](SLR.md).
Anyone can contribute with new antipatterns to this project by following the contribution guidelines specified [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

> The repository has been created to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository has been created
```

> 1. collect the information in a structured way (JSON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. to collect antipatterns in a structured way (JSON)
```

> 3. to give additional researchers an easy way to contribute their antipatterns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. to give additional researchers an easy way to contribute their antipatterns
```

> 2. to version the results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. to version the results
```

The results are presented in a modern design on the Service-Based Antipatterns [website](https://xjreb.github.io/service-based-antipatterns/) which focuses on
1. presenting all the collected antipatterns in an uncluttered way

> 2. present all the details of each antipattern in a nicely formatted detail view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. presenting all the details of each antipattern in a nicely formatted detail view
```
